What are you doing here?
My name is Wang Feng
Is a tax official in Chengdu
Street report
Say that your Luo's Group is suspected of making false accounts
Now, would you please take out all your awards?
I want to audit
Mo Xunmei, what the hell are you doing?
No, how can you say that about me?
I have been in charge of the group for many years
Nothing like this has ever happened.
Why are you right as soon as you take office?
You stinky little three has no ability to give way quickly
Do you think this will kill me?
Lu Yingxue, don't be stubborn
Hurry up and hand over the accounts
Taxpayers are not vegetarians otherwise
That's right, hand over the account quickly
Otherwise, I'm going to take coercive measures
Implemented numerous group projects
It takes time to hand over
Give me two hours like this.
I'll sort it all out and hand it over to you.
2 hours.
That long?
Who knows if you want to destroy the fake account part?
I'll give you up to 10 minutes
It's too much.
How is 10 minutes enough?
If it's not enough, I'll take coercive measures
Directly block vulnerable groups
Don't worry.
In less than 10 minutes
I can sort out the accounts